---
start: 2021-05-19T14:00
end: 2021-05-19T15:00
location: MS Teams

title: Spring Chest Group Meeting 

tags:
  - chest

group: chest

eleventyNavigation:
  parent: chest

---

## Agenda

This is what we are going to discuss in this meeting

* Trust COVID Updates
* Intelerad Sharing Solution
* Trainees


## Minutes

### Attendance
_Heshan Panditaratne, Mark Kon, Philip Marjoram, Kay Hibbert, Hilary Moss, Nadia Jawad, Annette Johnstone, Amanuel Tsegu, Claire Exley, Lisa Field, Nalinda Panditaratne, Jude Snell, Keiley Somers_
    
### Actions

1. Upload helpful chest related resources to the Trello Board. YIC website will now be the platform for documents. [closed]
2. Information regarding radiographer and radiologist validation. [ongoing for ANHST, HUTHT, HDFT, MYHT, YTHFT]
3. Kernal & Filter data required for Chest CT Protocols [ongoing for HDFT, NLAG, YTHFT]
4. Produce a briefing paper to outline the ask of Trusts for supporting trainees [new for Annette Johnstone]
5. Feedback teaching structure in Trusts for trainees, and willingness to teach going forward [new for ALL to Annette Johnstone]
    
### Key Discussion Points

* Trusts had fewer Covid patients, but were seeing sick younger patients and patients presenting long COVID.
* Increase in delayed cancer diagnoses and larger numbers of outpatient referrals
* Some Trusts were struggling with reporting all insource work and were exploring AI with outsourcing companies - company would identify normal (double report) and abnormal chest X-rays. If abnormal, image transfers back to the Trust to report on.
* An update was provided regarding the Intelerad sharing solution, with HDFT being rolles out first and then another Trust every month after that.
* There was lack of clarity on who would teach the new trainees next year, with some teams having no capacity, and the issue of sub-specialty training once trainees reach this level. There was an ask of Trusts to provide what they currently teach and what they would be willing to teach.



