---
start: 2021-02-12T15:00
end: 2021-02-12T16:00
location: MS Teams
 
title: Winter Paediatric Group Meeting

tags:
  - paediatric

group: paediatric

eleventyNavigation:
  parent: paediatric

---

## Agenda

This is what we are going to discuss in this meeting

* Paediatric Stroke Pathway
* Consensus Reporting for Child Safeguarding
* Non-Accidental Injury
* Baby Hip Screen

## Minutes

### Attendance
_Louise Hattingh, Fay Barley, Jenny Walsh, Karen Lomas, David Horton, Imran Kasli, Claire Gains, Kirsty Buckley, Rubaraj Jayarajasingam, Kate Kingston_
    
### Actions

1. Antenatal renal anomalies pathway finalised and changed to prophylactic IV antibiotic cover for babies having MCUG before they are 3 months old. [closed]
2. Leeds guidance being used for neck lumps. iRefer guidelines have been revised and re-written for GP use in referrals. [closed]
    
### Key Discussion  Points

* The paediatric stroke pathway had not been approved yet - a decision was required to identify who would confirm it is a stroke, would a CTA or CT head be required
 and who would decide the further action that is required?
* Trusts were supporting other Trusts for reporting and carrying out surveys for child safeguarding. Alder Hey had provided guidance that sedation is not required to carry out the survey.
* For non-accidental injury, if a CT head and skeletal survey is positive, then an MRI is done. If chosen to not proceed with an MRI then reasons for doing so need to be documented.
* The new guidance from the baby hip screen protocol is to try and scan on the 5th week.
