---
start: 2021-10-12T13:00
end: 2021-10-12T14:30
location: MS Teams
 
title: Autumn Obs & Gynae Group Meeting

tags:
  - obstetric-gynaecology

group: obstetric-gynaecology

eleventyNavigation:
  parent: obstetric-gynaecology

---

## Agenda

This is what we are going to discuss in this meeting

Joint Section:
* YIC Update
* Sonographer Apprenticeship
* Peer Review Audit

Gynae:
* Priorities for the Gynae Group

Obstetrics:
* Priorities for the Obstetric Group
* SBLv2
* Placenta adhesive disorder
* New FASP audit review tool - https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/fetal-anomaly-screening-programme-handbook

## Minutes

### Attendance
_Paula Marsh, Alison McGuinness, Lorna Gray, LeeAnne Elliott, Hlupekile Chipeta, Pam Parker_

### Actions

1. Set quarterley meetings and circulate ToR [new for Helen Jeffrey]
2. Trusts to confirm their peer review process by sending to yorkshireimagingcollaborative.nhs.net [new for members]
3. To produce minumum requirements for peer audit review [new for Alison McGuinness]
    
### Key Discussion Points

* It was highlighted that attendance and engagement has been limited. It was agreed to send an updated terms of reference to members and set the day and time of the quarterley meetings.
* Alison discussed sonographer apprenticeship training. LTHT and MYHT have received funding, and Sheffield Hallam are able to provide the training. The aim is to train to become a sonographer at band 5 level.
* Peer review audit in Trusts was discussed, and it was established that the audit was not consistent across the collaborative with each Trust having a different process. Alison agreed to lead the work into creating minimum requirements for peer review and CPD.
* It was agreed that collaborative reporting was not relevant for Obs & Gynae and that other priorities should be focussed on, but would require attendance from all Trusts to be able to agree.
