---
start: 2021-09-15T13:00
end: 2021-09-15T14:00
location: MS Teams
 
title: Autumn Nuclear Medicine Group Meeting

tags:
  - nuclear-medicine

group: nuclear-medicine

eleventyNavigation:
  parent: nuclear-medicine

---

## Agenda

This is what will be discussed in this meeting

* YIC Update
* Response to recent survey re: collaborate working across YIC 
* Document approval/governance update
* Short-medium term targets for SIG  

## Minutes

### Attendance
_Chirag Patel, Gary Cooper, Dan Fascia, Jon Martin, Katarina Pitts, Melanie Palmer, Mike Page, Ged Avery, Zaeem Ahmed, H'ssein Al-Chalabi, Garry McDermott, Najeeb Ahmed, Jo Hopkins_
    
### Actions

1. Share LTHT spec CT protocols [closed]
2. Raise the issue of Trust governance and documentation approval at the Transformation Board [closed]
3. Members to send expressions of interest to lead radiographer training work to yorkshireimagingcollaborative@nhs.net [new for members]
4. Members to send their Trusts patient information leaflets to yorkshireimagingcollaborative@nhs.net to be added to the Trello Board [new for members]
    
### Key Discussion Points

* Transformation Board had agreed that SIG approval is what is required for collaborative documents. Documents available on YIC website with placeholders to localise documents for use in Trusts. May have to be discussion with local governance to agree this.
* Pilot work in HDFT and MYHT for integration is going well, with the first testing scanned images and HL7 data sent to the Intelerad platform having been successful. Aim to have live deployment between HDFT and MYHT by the end of October.
* 70 homeworking stations have been implemented in peoples homes and work on the collaborative pricing matrix has been done. The YIC website is being populated with all YIC, and insource and SIG information.
* Funding has been secured for two project managers to support special interest groups to work on protocols and patient information leaflets etc.
* SIG members agreed that collaborative patient information leaflets was the best direction to go as they are able to manage insourcing within their own Trusts.
* Collaborative Radiographer training was also a priority, and a request was asked for somebody to lead this work.


