---
start: 2021-11-08T09:30
end: 2021-11-08T11:30
location: MS Teams
 
title: Autumn Neuro Head & Neck Group Meeting

tags:
  - neuro-head-neck

group: neuro-head-neck

eleventyNavigation:
  parent: neuro-head-neck

---

## Agenda

This is what we are going to discuss in this meeting

### Joint Meeting (9.30)

* YIC Update
* Priotities for Neuroradiology, Head & Neck SIG

### Neuroradiology (10.00)

* Agreed approach to pineal cysts

### Head & Neck (10.45)

* Carbon injection of involved cervical nodes (Sri Vaidyanathan)
* 28 day faster diagnosis 

## Minutes

### Attendance
_Helen Cliffe, Elizabeth loney, Bharti Rathi, David Scullion, Tony Goddard, Richard List, Stuart Viner, Mark Igra, Nick Sanderson, Karthik Shishir, Sri Vaidyanathan, Nal Panditaratne_

### Actions
1. To start producing pathways for pineal cysts in adults and paedatrics [new for Helen Cliffe]

### Key Discussion Points
* It was updated that HDFT and MYHT have now shared images onto Intelerad. The pilot is due to take place in November/December. The pricing matrix has been produced and has been adopted by BTHFT so far for both insource and collaborative reporting. Bid for additional funding for homeworking stations and additional IT support has been submitted. 5 project managers have been recruited (all radiographers), three of which will be supporting SIG work.
* Currently, overnight work is out of scope. Strategy for the future will be looked at next year.
* KPIs will still be Trust owned and there is no commitment of additional work.
* The group had concerns over indemnity and governance issues. It was noted that accounatbility had not yet been established, but that governance systems of outsourcing companies could be looked into.
* The REALM and second opinion process needed to be established.

### Neuroradiology
* A symptom of pineal cysts is said to be headaches, which causes difficulties in when to refer. Also, difficulty lies when a cyst is more than 1cm but not cuasing hydrocephalus.
* It was agreed to create two separate pathways for referring pineal cysts for adults and paediatrics.

### Head & Neck
* It was suggested to produce regionalised pathways for referring neck lumps. 
* It was also suggested to agree on non-contrast CT procedures.


