---
start: 2021-05-10T09:00
end: 2021-05-10T11:00
location: MS Teams
 
title: Spring Neuro Head & Neck Group Meeting

tags:
  - neuro-head-neck

group: neuro-head-neck

eleventyNavigation:
  parent: neuro-head-neck

---

## Agenda

This is what we are going to discuss in this meeting

### Neuroradiology

* Clarification of Acute Findings
* Paediatric Stroke Pathway
* Thrombectomy Pathway

### Head & Neck

* Thyroid Core Biopsy vs. FNA

## Minutes

### Attendance
_Helen Cliffe, Elizabeth Loney, Louise Hattingh, Stuart Viner, Shalini Nandish, Edward Walker, Shishir Karthik, Tony Goddard, Nal Panditaratne, Gary Cooper_
    
### Actions

1. Share documentation on transferring spinal implant patients [new for Stuart Viner]
2. Arrange Thyroid core biopsy meeting with Nick Spencer & Sri Vaidyanathan [new for Helen Jeffrey]

    
### Key Discussion Points

* Trust REALM leads have been brought together to discuss feedback mechanisms once the sharing solution goes live. Trust management teams would manage additional reporting in Trusts, with the help of SIG groups. An on call rota across the collaborative was suggested due to the increase of scanning capacity.
* National guidelines for paediatric stroke had been interpreted to say that the first clinian who engages with a child should make the decision to expose the child to radiation or not.
* The pathway for thrombectomy was discussed and usually CTA would be reported by the on call clinician and fed back to the neuroradiologist. A collaborative on call service would assist with covering neurological decisions out of hours.
* When to carry out thyroid core biopsies for small thyroid lesions was raised. It was agreed that attending the thyroid MDT was beneficial, and to meet with Nick Spencer and Sri Vaidyanathan to discuss regional guidance.
