---
start: 2022-02-01T14:00
end: 2022-02-01T15:00
location: MS Teams

title: Chest Radiographer Training Group

tags:
  - chest

group: chest

eleventyNavigation:
  parent: chest

---

## Agenda

This is what we are going to discuss in this meeting

* Qualifications for reporting on the YIC 
* Medico legal safety – how would this work 
* Referrals - incidental findings, imaging recommendations
* Safety net radiologist system
* Payment  / tariff
* GP/IP/OP what to start with
* Incidents done via trust process and reporter 


## Minutes

### Attendance
_Hesh Panditaratne, Gary Cooper, Debra Punshon, Heather Wright, Rachel Hunter (CHFT), Rachel Hunter (HUTHT), Neil Gardner, Amanuel Tsegu, Jude Snell, Amy Richards, Bobby Bhartia_
    
### Key Discussion Points
### Qualifications for reporting Radiographers in the YIC
All the sites that attended confirmed that the initial qualification is from the course at Bradford university. All attendees from the different trusts informed the group of their “training” requirements.
* Auditing work
* CPD  
* REAL meeting attendance 

Outcome: The gathered group felt that ongoing CPD, appraisal and REAL meeting attendance should be the requirements for remaining part of the group of reporting Radiographers in the YIC

### Medico legal safety
The discussion was about indemnity for reporting cases that were not part of the reporting radiographer’s trust. The Society of Radiographers provide a certain level of protection. 

Outcome: Ask the project managers team to contact the Society of radiographers to confirm indemnity agreements that are required or which are in place for our collaborative situation. Leeds colleagues mentioned that the SoR would cover a radiographer who is permanently based at a trust.

### Referrals, incidental findings and imaging recommendations
The group related to each other, the local arrangements currently in use at the trusts that were represented. All represented trusts stated that they all have workflows based on RIS based codes.

The current method that is being proposed for YIC generated reports for all reporting colleagues (not just radiographers) is to have RIS based codes unique to YIC reported cases. The local trusts would each be asked to adapt their own workflows to include the (yet to be developed ) YIC RIS codes. 

### Safety net radiologist system
The YIC have no plans to create a pool of colleagues to act as a pool of knowledge or second help for those doing insourced reporting. Suggestions put forward for additional opinions were for:
* Teams group for sending messages
* Other methods of clear lines of communication to others in the reporting group and SIG colleagues for help

This would have to be worked through a little more regarding expectations and process.

### Payment/Tariff
* There was confusion regarding the statement on the website regarding payment for plain films based on views
* The payments for reported insourced cases will be based on CRIS or NICIP codes - https://yorkshireimaging.nhs.uk/insourcing/
  
For example, a CXR will have a payment assigned to the Chest XRay NICIP code – whether it is a simple frontal film or frontal and lateral or even if several attempts were needed.
* The discussion moved to a recommendation to pay the best price for anyone reporting plain film, to ensure that the reporting gets done. IThe emphasis should be on ensuring the reporting is carried out in good time but within a reasonable payment tariff envelope.

### GP/IP/OP reporting and what to start the service with
The attending members stated what referral source films are reported by radiographers currently. BB informed the group about the reasoning behind the LTHFT decision to give GP plain film reporting to consultants only (no registrars or radiographers report these)

The question was asked that “if a trust does not routinely have Radiographers reporting films from a particular referral source, would they object to an outsourced radiographer reporting such a case?”

The group felt that the trust sending the imaging needs to be aware that this situation may arise and that should help decide if the imaging should go for reporting or not.

BB recommended a potential SOP stating that the radiographer reporting remit should be clearly stated.

