---
start: 2022-01-26T12:30
end: 2022-01-26T13:30
location: MS Teams
 
title: Winter GI Group Meeting

tags:
  - gastrointestinal

group: gastrointestinal

eleventyNavigation:
  parent: gastrointestinal

---

## Agenda

This is what will be discussed in this meeting

* Introdutions to Project Managers
* YIC Gastro CT Protocols
* Reporting standard templates for pancreatic cancer staging
* Reporting standard templates for anal cancers 
* Reporting standard templates for Rectal Cancer

## Minutes

### Attendance
_Damian Tolan, Ollie Hough, Jo Housley, Debra Punshon, Catherine Roberts, Adam Culverwell, Tim Guest, Raneem Albazaz, Donal Bradley, Ragu Vinayagam, Stuart Kerr, Naeem Jagirdar_
    
### Actions
1. To create reporting standard templates for pancreatic cancer staging, anal cancers and rectal cancer, to then use SIG members to sense check [Ongoing for Damian Tolan/SIG PMs]
2. To arrange an ad hoc meeting to agree CT protocols within the next 6 months [Closed]
3. To contact Trust PACS managers to confirm how templates are built and imported onto EI [new for SIG PMs]
4. To circulate an email in order to form the MRI and CT sub-groups [new for Damian Tolan/Helen Jeffrey]

### Key Discussion Points
* The new YIC SIG project managers were introduced and are there to support the SIGs in producing collaborative documents & protocols. This in turn makes SIG meetings more efficient as work is being done between meetings.
* One of the main priorities, as discussed in previous meetings, is the production of regional standardised gastro CT protocols. Some Trusts are not using weight-based protocols, but the majority are. With the support of the project managers, the aim was to complete and publish CT protocols within two SIG meeting cycles.
* MRI protocols was also made a priority. It was decided to start standardising one MRI protocol and then move onto the next. The following MRI protocols were discussed:
         * Small Bowel MRE 
         * Liver MRI
* The group was keen to involve radiographers, especially with MRI. It was agreed that site visits from the project managers and radiographers to visit other sites would be a beneficial for the future.
* A decision was made to form sub groups to focus on CT and MRI protocols. An email would be circulated to seek volunteers.
* Other priorities to be focussed on now/in the future:
        * Bowel Cancer Screening quality assurance and standardised referrals
        * Portal Venous Timings - is there YIC timing that has been agreed or will Trusts do bolus tracking?
        * Building templates on EI and who in Trusts is responsible. Currently, EI is not set up for sharing templates, however for all CTC the bowel cancer screening        template could be built into EI and distributed. The bowel cancer improvement programme could help with this.
        * Oral contrast

