---
start: 2022-03-04T14:00
end: 2022-03-04T15:00
location: MS Teams
 
title: Spring Paediatric Group Meeting

tags:
  - paediatric

group: paediatric

eleventyNavigation:
  parent: paediatric

---

## Agenda

This is what we are going to discuss in this meeting

* Actions
* Salford's neurofibromatosis MRI protocol 
* Limping child pathway 
* Paediatric rheumatology 
* Paediatric hip MRI protocol - COR T1, COR STIR, AX T1, AX T2 FS
* Skeletal survey training day 
* Fluoro Protocols
* AOB - MCUG on older children
      - Paediatric GA MRI


## Minutes

### Attendance
_Louise Hattingh, Jo Housley, Ollie Hough, Debra Punshon, Jonathan McConnell, Kirsty Buckley, Cheryl Leng, Jenny Walsh, Fay Barley, Imran Kasli, Jenien Naylor, Ashley Uttley, Claire Gains, David Horton, Nicola Webb_
    
### Actions
1. Trust Scoliosis Protocols [closed - covered in meeting]
2. Trust Neuro Protocols [closed - covered in meeting]
3. To circulate the response from Janette regarding paediatric rheumatology [new for Louise]
4. Send Paediatric Hip MRI protocol to yorkshireimagingcollaborative@nhs.net, to then put on the website [new for LTHT/BTHFT]
5. Volunteers for the Skeletal Survey Training Day [new for members]
6. Share the BSPR On-Call Guide [new for David Horton]

### Key Discussion Points
### Neurofibromatosis MRI Protocol 
* Salford had shared their NF MRI Protocol with the YIC Paediatric SIG. Their spine imaging is similar - standard spine sagittal T1 & T2. Agreed to add to the YIC website.
### Limping Child Pathway
* Limping child without a history of trauma must be fully examined - include back, abdomen & entire lower limb in all patients, and genitaliain boys.
* LTHT don't do aspirations - if large enough to do aspirations then it's large enough to clinically and to do wash out at the same time.
* HDFTs protocol was similar, depending on the Ortho registrars, radiologist staff are asked to do plain film and rarely asked to aspirate.
* Agreed to add the flow chart onto the YIC website.
### Paediatric Rheumatology
* Radiology increasingly being asked to ultrasound for juvenile arthritis. 
* There is no national guidance that people are aware of as to who should be imaging.
* Louise agreed to circulate the reply she had received from Janette. 
### Paediatric Hip MRI Protocol
* Fay Barley raised that LTHT and BTHFT have a standard protocols for MRI hip.
* There was agreement to share this link on the YIC website, as owned by LTHT.
### Skeletal Survey Training Day
* Louise confirmed that we were hoping this would go ahead after March.
* Looking for volunteers to be involved in the webinar.
### Fluoro Protocols
* Agreed to share the LTHT Fluoro protocols to members again - this would be featured on the YIC website as owned by LTHT.
### Any Other Business
### MCUG
* HUTHT can discuss in Urology MDT if necessary
### GA MRI
* BTHFT challenged as there is one room and MRI scanner, which is down for 6 weeks at least, on which GA cases are carried out.
* The second scanner at BRI is in a room that is not optimal for GA- due to the risk assessment, no routine GA scans are being booked
* The group agreed to communicate this wider as there may need to be support.

 


