---
start: 2022-02-16T10:00
end: 2022-02-16T11:00
location: MS Teams
 
title: Winter Breast Group Meeting

tags:
  - breast

group: breast

eleventyNavigation:
  parent: breast

---

## Agenda

This is what we are going to discuss in this meeting

* Intro to YIC SIG project Managers
* Prioritisation of work for the Breast SIG Group

## Minutes

### Attendance
_Nisha Sharma, Debra Punshon, Jo Housley, Oliver Hough, Sarah Fox, Amanda Coates, Simon Dennis, Ayesha Rahman, Tracy Durkin_

### Actions
1. Collect and collate the Male Breast Cancer Protocols from each Trust, to then produce a regional standardised version [new for SIG PMs]
2. Determine the number of male breast referrals in each Trust [new for SIG PMs]
3. Send ALCL Imaging Protocols to yorkshireimagincollaborative@nhs.net [new for members]
4. Send pain management processes/protocols to yorkshireimagingcollaborative@nhs.net [new for members]

### Key Discussion Points
* Trusts gave operational department updates.
* The SIG project managers introduced themselves - they are in post to support SIGs to standardise and produce collaborative documents. They are all radiographers by background, so have a wide range of knowledge and expertise.
* Nisha reminded the group that work needed to be priroitised and it was up to the group to determine what to focus on.

The group prioritised the following:
* Male Breast Cancer Protocol - Need to determine the number of referrals in the region related to the 2 week wait, and then see what % of them are men. Trusts to then submit protocols to YIC. PMs can then look at differences and determine how to change. The group felt that it would be beneficial to include the breast surgeons every two Breast SIG meetings. The group also thought it would be a good idea to evidence a snapshot week to show how many men are referred for investigation.
* ALCL Imaging Protocol
* Pain Management 

